Questions
1.What is oops stands for?
    OOPs stands for Object-Oriented Programming system. Procedural programming is about writing
procedures or methods that perform operations on the data, while object-oriented
programming is about creating objects that contain both data and methods.

2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
     Polymorphism is a feature of OOPs that allows the object to behave differently in different conditions. 
We have two types of polymorphism: 
1) Compile time Polymorphism – This is also known as static (or early) binding. 
2) Runtime Polymorphism – This is also known as dynamic (or late) binding.

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
   An Interface in Java programming language is defined as an abstract type used to specify the behavior of a class. 
A Java interface contains static constants and abstract methods. 
A class can implement multiple interfaces. ... All methods in the interface are implicitly public and abstract.

4.what is abstarct class and example?
   Abstract classes are essential to providing an abstraction to the code to make it reusable and extendable. 
For example, a Vehicle parent class with Truck and Motorbike inheriting from it is an abstraction that easily 
allows more vehicles to be added.

5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
    The key difference between Multiple and Multilevel Inheritance is that Multiple Inheritance is when a class 
inherits from many base classes while Multilevel Inheritance is when a class inherits from a derived class making 
that derived class a base class for a new class.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
    When one class extends more than one classes the it is called Multiple inheritance
-Class C extends class A & b then this type of inheritance is known is Multiple inheritance.
-Java doesn't allow multiple inheritance

7.What is keyword for using inheritance?
    To inherit from a class, use the extends keyword.

8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class?
     To access the interface methods, the interface must be "implemented" (kinda like inherited) by another class
with the implements keyword (instead of extends ). The body of the interface method is provided by the "implement" class.

9.what is difference between class and interface?
    A class describes the attributes and behaviors of an object. An interface contains behaviors that a class implements. 
A class may contain abstract methods, concrete methods. An interface contains only abstract methods.

10.what is difference between class and abstract class?
    Abstract class can have static fields and static method, like other classes. An abstract class cannot be declared as final. 
Only abstract class can have abstract methods.
    